hey guys were here at c2e2 with Brian
Azzarello and Dan Jurgens we're here to
talk about features then how are you
guys doing great good good how's the
first day been for you guys so far great
yeah it's uh it's Friday and all
whenever I do a show on friday i was
just sit there and look out and say i
know it's going to get a lot worse
tomorrow so i better appreciate it now
like your personal bubble just
disappears tomorrow oh it does it does
let's not even think about that Brian
how are you feeling about our futures
end great its exact you and Emma scope
you really are the easiest interview in
town so tell us a little bit about what
a future zone is going to be about it's
great futures and starts a story 35
years from now and it starts in futures
n number zero which is part of free
comic book day we like it so much we're
giving it away for nothing and then yeah
and that starts 35 years from now in as
a world no one would want to be in it's
a radically different site of place or a
kind of place than we might think of the
dcu evolving too and at that point they
have to come back in time someone has to
come back and fix that and that's Batman
Beyond and the problem is he winds up
five years short of where he needed to
be which is five years from now so we
also get a look at the dcu five years
from now what does it like bring over
kind of a very fan favorite character
like Batman Beyond who had his own
television series and now has his own
digital series into actual DC continuity
great oh come on
we needed that character yeah yeah he's
really look you know there's so there's
so many of the other characters in the
story lines that are like I want to say
minor but they're not they're not going
to generate this sort of excitement like
you said a fan favorite character like
and this is the first time that he's
appeared in new 52 and I feel sorry for
him this is his debut because it's a
it's a storm yeah with another word in
front yeah he adds a spark to it that
our story early story really needs and
each of these characters who are moving
through the storyline do add something
and I think that man beyond is kind of
has that magic spark to it that readers
will really relate to we've also got a
grifter coming in here and that's a
bigger name wildstorm character what may
what made you guys and the other writers
you know choose which characters you
wanted to be in this story keith is the
one who latched onto grifter I know you
know for me artistically I always liked
them just because of that mask I like
that mask and I always liked the
sportsman back when he had that same
kind of it you know free hand ass back
in the day and Keith latch on to that
one because he always said there has to
be something there and he was going to
pull it out and make it work great yeah
I mean there's some stuff it with
grifter in this in issue one it's pretty
rough it is it is pretty rough it's
black stone brien you've been working on
a Wonder Woman for quite a while which
has been phenomenal what is it like kind
of coming into the fold with other
writers to collaborate on a single story
it's great it's different I mean it's
really good you know it's something that
I hadn't done before I kind of thought
like this is gonna be kind of
challenging you know
like let's see if I can play with what
with others for the most part oh yeah
yeah it's come along it took us a while
I think to figure each other out and
figure out you know it's not just
figuring each other out in the context
of how we all work as individuals it's
how how do you figure it out when you're
on the run trying to tell a story
because it's not like you get a year to
figure it out and then start writing
we're telling the story and trying to
learn to work together all at the same
time and I think we hit a couple of
moments where we could all say okay all
of a sudden this is it it's work and
we're in and and we can go from there so
this is going to be a weekly series uh
how did how much planning goes into a
weekly series compared to obviously a
monthly seriously ya know it it's it and
it's not it's not one of those easy
answers up well it's poor issues a month
of us four times more I mean it is this
is really remarkably intensive and the
amount of work each of us I think have
had to go into on this in order to make
it work I mean I can't think of anything
ever that I probably put in you know
whether it's so much time for page
forward for concept or idea i mean it's
it's taken a lot the hell how was it
been working on thats book right I just
keep setting you up for great yeah not
so great that's been it's really good uh
so few there's there's times we've hit
some snags but it's never been it's no
snags from from the writers
it's it's well it seems like just muscle
is the things that's gonna be a very
very different feel and tone for a
serious compared to to wonder woman yeah
I'm Wonder Woman what I think it's
different from a lot of a lot of things
I mean reading the first few issues I
was really struck with like how dark
this stuff mm-hmm and for me to say that
it's really dark well partly part of it
is if it's the world five years from now
one of the first things we have to ask
ourselves is how is the world change and
there have been a couple of major events
in the dcu time line between what
readers recognize right now and what has
happened five years from now so the
world starts out in a darker place I
mean that our characters are in a much
different world than the dcu we know
right now and so that puts them in a
particular point of mind where things
are just very different from them and if
it if you've had major events and
they've been negative yeah it tends to
be a little dark that way and then it's
a question how do these characters
evolve where do they go who comes out of
it who doesn't who gets buried by it
even more and all that it's put me in
place where I'm the one who has to say
that can get some optimism in this one
did you get any that optimism in there
yeah I think but it's like there's times
right I've said like in some of the
riders music we really shouldn't be
going down that road I mean you want to
open and some we did in something yeah
yeah yeah so there any final words for a
people watching on comic behind you know
encourage them to pick this series up
it's great I it is it's it's a very
different thing that I think it might
expect going in and you will see a lot
of characters I mean this is a dense
book to agree we have a big big cast in
it they move through a lot of character
arts and combined with the story in such
a way that it takes us to a particular
destination and a platform for a lot of
things that are going to move and evolve
out of it well guys thank you very much
Brian Dan make sure to check out futures
and from DC Comics uh zero issue is free
comic book day that's next Saturday May
the third right and if you won the
wednesday after right can it so just go
get quite into it yeah then you guys
keep soon for more c2e2 footage